Hello and welcome to this Python tutorial.
Alright, so we are done adding the layers of our
artificial neural network, and now what we're gonna do
is to compile the whole artificial neural network,
that is basically applying stochastic gradient descent
on the whole artificial neural network.
That's what compiling means, and that's
what we're gonna do with this single
line of code that we're about to add.
Alright, so let's add it, we are gonna start
by taking our classifier object,
as we did when we added the different layers
in the a and n, and now we're gonna use
another method, exactly as we did here
with the add method, but this time
it's not gonna be the add method,
you can guess what it's gonna be,
it's going to be the compile method.
As simple as that.
So we're gonna add a dot here,
and then compile, which is right here,
pressing enter, alright.
And now of course this compile method
contains several parameters, so let's add
some parentheses here, and so now
I'm going to explain to you
what those parameters are,
and we'll add them one by one.
Alright, so let's check out the arguments
by pressing here, command i,
and here we go, we have some info
about this compile method.
And the informations we are interested in
are of course the arguments.
Alright, so let's look at the first argument.
The first argument is optimizer.
So what is optimizer, optimizer is simply
the algorithm you wanna use to find
the optimal set of weights in the neural networks.
Because you know we defined our neural networks,
it is built with the different layers,
but the weights are still only initialized.
So now we have to apply some sort of algorithm
to find the best weights that will make
our neural network the most powerful.
And so that's why in this compile method here
we need to add an algorithm,
and this algorithm is going to be nothing else
than the stochastic gradient descent algorithm,
and there are several types of stochastic gradient descent
algorithm, and a very efficient one
is called Adam, and that's exactly what's
going to be the input of this optimizer parameter.
Alright, so let's add it right now,
optimizer equals, and so now we need to
add in quotes, Adam.
Here we go.
Great, then comma, and now let's
add the second parameter.
So the second parameter is loss,
and this corresponds to the loss function
within the stochastic gradient descent algorithm,
that is within the Adam algorithm.
Because if you go deeper into the mathematical
details of stochastic gradient descent,
you will see that it is based on a loss function
that you need to optimize to find
the optimal weights, and so that's what
we have to specify right now,
it's this loss function,
and so you know I can give you some examples,
you saw the loss function when you studied
linear regression, remember in Carol's intuition tutorials,
the loss function was the sum of the squared errors,
that is the sum of the squared differences
between the real value and the predicted value.
Well that was the loss function
that we used to optimize the parameters
of the regression model, and here that's
exactly the same, we have some parameters,
those parameters are the weights in their
neural network, and so we need to specify
a loss function that we will then
optimize through stochastic gradient descent
to eventually find the optimal weights.
And so what is going to be the loss function
for the neural networks?
Well again, if you wanna go deeper
into the mathematical details of
stochastic gradient descent, well this loss function
is going to be kind of the same
as for logistic regression,
because when you take a simple neural network
with only one neuron, which makes it
a perceptron model, and if you use
a sigmoid activation function for this perceptron,
well you obtain a logistic regression model.
And then if you go deeper into the mathematical
details of stochastic gradient descent
for the logistic regression model,
well you will find out that the loss function
is not the sum of squared errors
like for linear regression,
but is going to be a logarithmic function
that is called the logarithmic loss.
And so since the activation function
for our output layer is nothing else
than the sigmoid function,
well the loss function that we're gonna use here
to compile our a and n and on which
our stochastic gradient descent Adam algorithm
is based on, well the loss function used
to compile our a and n here,
is going to be the logarithmic loss as well.
And what is the name of this logarithmic
loss function here?
Well, if your dependent variable
has a binary outcome, then this logarithmic
loss function is called binary underscore
cross entropy, and if your dependent variable
has more than two outcomes, like three categories,
then this logarithmic loss function is called
categorical underscore cross entropy.
Alright, so that's good to know,
and now we know what to use,
what to input here for the loss function,
in case you're working with a dependent variable
that has more than two categories.
But here we have a binary outcome,
so we'll input here for the loss parameter,
in quotes, binary underscore cross entropy.
Alright, and then quotes.
Great, perfect, and now we need to add
a third and final argument.
It's this metrics argument here.
So, what is this metrics argument?
Well that's very simple, that is just
a criterion that you choose to evaluate your model,
and typically we use the accuracy criterion
that we already saw many times in this course.
So basically what happens is that,
when the weights are updated after each
observation or after each batch of many observations,
the algorithm uses this accuracy criterion
to improve the model's performance.
You're gonna see that, when we fit
the a and n to our training set,
well the accuracy is going to increase
little by little, until reaching a top accuracy.
And that will happen because we choose here
the accuracy metric.
Alright, so let's add this argument here,
metrics equals, and since actually this metrics
argument is expecting a list of metrics,
but here we only use one metric,
which is the accuracy metric,
we need to add this accuracy metric in brackets,
because by adding these brackets like that,
we are creating a list.
But this list will only contain one element,
which is the accuracy metric.
Alright, perfect, and now we're ready
to compile the a and n.
So let's do it, we will select this line
and execute, alright, perfectly well compiled.
Perfect, so that step is done,
and actually the next step is the most
exciting step of this whole section,
because this is in this step
that we are gonna see the algorithm in action.
We are going to choose a number of epochs,
that as you know the number of times
we are training our a and n on the whole
training set, and so we're going to see the
stochastic gradient descent in action,
that is we're gonna see how our a and n model
is trained, and how it is improving its accuracy
at each round, that is at each epoch.
So that's gonna be very exciting,
and that will be the show of the next tutorial.
Until then, enjoy deep learning.